Adding utility to execute cadence scripts (#113)
optakt/flow-dps: cmd/execute-cadence-script/README.md

# Execute Cadence Script

## Description

> This utility binary can be used to execute a Cadence script against a running Flow network. By default, access nodes are expected on localhost:3569. Script can be executed on an arbitrary block height.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This utility binary can be used to execute a Cadence script against a running Flow network. By default, access nodes are expected on `localhost:3569`. Scripts can be executed on any arbitrary block height.
```

## Usage

```sh
Usage of ./execute-cadence-script:

>   -a, --api string           access node API address (default "localhost:3569")

Reviewer 2: I prefer using `127.0.0.1` here. I don't remember why, but years ago, I learned that sometimes it avoids some problems.

>   -h, --height int           height on which to execute script (default -1)

Reviewer: Most users will probably be confused with a negative value for height. I recommend switching to a pointer value and just leave it nil when nothing is specified. Default can then be shown as `(default: last indexed height)` or something along those lines, which is much clearer than `-1` IMO. WDYT?

Author: That's a good idea, but it looks like `pflag` does not really expect such a use case, everything I looked into would look too awkward and clunky :/ I've improved the help message to better reflect what the default value indicates.

That, plus `-1` value is often used as a sentinel, I believe it's clear enough..

Reviewer: `pflag` actually returns a `*uint64` already, so it's actually perfectly handling this case 😄 

```go
var flagHeight *uint64

pflag.Int64VarP(flagHeight, "height", "h", nil, "height on which to execute script")

height = state.LastHeight() // pseudo-code
if flagHeight != nil {
	height = *flagHeight
}
```

Or am I missing smth?

Author: No, the first argument expects an address of an existing variable to write to (will dereference a nil pointer there), and the fourth argument can't be nil as it expects an `int64`/`uint64` (depending on the function).

Reviewer: You're absolutely right! I really don't like the UX though but this is something we can think about later, if and when we switch from `spf13/pflag` to something that allows us to have optional parameters with no default value.

>   -l, --log-level string     log level for JSON logger (default "info")

Reviewer 2: You could insert a `:` after default here.

>   -s, --script-file string   cadence script to execute

Reviewer 2: You could add `(required)` here.

```

> ## Example

Reviewer: Missing newline between end of code block and header

> The example executes a Cadence script to retrieve the balance of an account '0x631e88ae7f1d7c20' at two different block heights.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example executes a Cadence script to retrieve the balance of the account '0x631e88ae7f1d7c20' at two different block heights.
```

```console
$ ./execute-cadence-script -s get_balance.ca
100.00100004

$ ./execute-cadence-script -h 90 -s get_balance.ca
100.00100005

$ cat ./get_balance.ca
// This script reads the balance field of an account's FlowToken Balance

import FungibleToken from 0x9a0766d93b6608b7
import FlowToken from 0x7e60df042a9c0868

pub fun main(): UFix64 {

    // note that the account address is currently 
    // in the script itself, provided to the util
    var account: Address = 0x631e88ae7f1d7c20

        let vaultRef = getAccount(account)
        .getCapability(/public/flowTokenBalance)
        .borrow<&FlowToken.Vault{FungibleToken.Balance}>()
        ?? panic("Could not borrow Balance reference to the Vault")

>         return vaultRef.balance

Reviewer 2: You could fix the tab alignment here.

Reviewer 2: (at least for the first line)
